refactor: Added project-global configs and docs (#4)
near/near-indexer-for-wallet: CONTRIBUTING.md

Thank you for considering contributing to the NEAR Indexer for Wallet!

> We welcome all external contributions. This document outlines the process of contributing to nearcore. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome all external contributions. This document outlines the process of contributing to NEAR Indexer for Wallet. 
```
